# Report (Romania - Turn 1) 
The glory of god has smiled upon us again! We have received news from the Central America front. The Mongolians must have thought taking Eastern United States would be easy. They underestimated the great Romania spirit and cunning! They arrived with many and left with few. Is this Mongolia showing defeat? We have heard some more reports from our spies. Word has reached of 7 new Mongolia troops arriving in Central America. It is no matter, our victory is already assured! 

It is sadly always calmest before the storm. Tragedy has struck East Africa. Mongolia showed no respect as they marched their biggest army to steal our land in East Africa. They could achieve victory through cheating and unfair fighting. We shall see who is victorious when they face our even bigger armies! Be assured that this is only a minor setback. The cowardly Mongolians pushed their luck even more. Yet, there is always light after the darkness. We have received news from the North Africa front. After a long battle, the enemy was forced to retreat back into North Africa. This is what happens when you don't want to surrender! We have heard some more reports from our spies. Word has reached of 10 new Mongolia troops arriving in North Africa. It is no matter, our victory is already assured! Mongolia has moved troops from North Africa to East Africa leaving North Africa completely defenseless for us to take. Is this Mongolia showing defeat? 

It is sadly always calmest before the storm. Bad news from Madagascar. Mongolia showed that they can only win in an unfair matchup! Sending their biggest army to our smaller defense in Madagascar shows they are afraid of our true power! No matter, when they are faced with our true power they will see what real battle is like! Our great government supports the families of lost ones completely. We have discovered the enemies plans. Mongolia has moved troops from East Africa to Madagascar leaving East Africa completely defenseless for us to take. Is this Mongolia showing defeat? 

Our victory is assured! 

# Report (Romania - Turn 2) 
Sad news today. May make us look bad but we remain strong! Bad news from Greenland. Our armies in Greenland were met with more resistance than expected. This might give some the idea that we are losing, but nothing could be more wrong! We continue the attack on Greenland to free the people from the tyranny of Mongolia and we shall soon destroy their illegitimate occupation! Be assured that this is only a minor setback. 

After our misfortune, we have taken luck into our own hands. We have received news from the Congo front. It took only 1 hour to make East Africa great again! We killed all enemy soldiers with ease. Those despicable Mongolians must be crying to their mothers. This was made possible because We are strategically moving our troops in Congo to East Africa. Congo will be kept safe by the brave men staying behind, while East Africa will become stronger and safer than ever. 

Our victory is assured! 

# Report (Romania - Turn 3) 
Sad news today. May make us look bad but we remain strong! Bad news from Northern Europe. Mongolia showed that they can only win in an unfair matchup! Sending their biggest army to our smaller defense in Northern Europe shows they are afraid of our true power! No matter, when they are faced with our true power they will see what real battle is like! Be assured that this is only a minor setback. The cowardly Mongolians pushed their luck even more. Regrettably, we were tested even more. Bad news from Scandinavia. After a long and hard struggle in Scandinavia, the enemy has marched into the country and started oppressing it's people. This is only a minor setback and we shall return with swift-full vengeance. Our great government supports the families of lost ones completely. We have heard some more reports from our spies. Mongolia may be moving 6 troops to Ukraine. Our brilliant strategists are laughing at the news! Word has reached of 1 new Mongolia troops arriving in Ukraine. It is no matter, our victory is already assured! Mongolia decided to flee it's troops from Ukraine to Northern Europe. They must be so afraid they are handing us Ukraine on a silver platter! Our troops will be able to thank them personally when we take Northern Europe as well! Mongolia has moved troops from Ukraine to Scandinavia leaving Ukraine completely defenseless for us to take. Is this Mongolia showing defeat? 

The international community was shocked to hear the cowardly Mongolia push their luck even more. Tragedy has struck Great Britain. Mongolia showed no respect as they marched their biggest army to steal our land in Great Britain. They could achieve victory through cheating and unfair fighting. We shall see who is victorious when they face our even bigger armies! Be assured that this is only a minor setback. We have discovered the enemies plans. Mongolia decided to flee it's troops from Northern Europe to Great Britain. They must be so afraid they are handing us Northern Europe on a silver platter! Our troops will be able to thank them personally when we take Great Britain as well! 

Our victory is assured! 

# Report (Romania - Turn 4) 
The glory of god has smiled upon us again! Word has reached from the Eastern United States front. It took only 1 hour to make Western United States great again! We killed all enemy soldiers with ease. The weakling Mongolians have no chance against our brave soldiers. This was made possible because Our great strategists have decided to deploy more troops to Eastern United States. This will surely bring us ever closer to victory! We are strategically moving our troops in Eastern United States to Western United States. Eastern United States will be kept safe by the brave men staying behind, while Western United States will become stronger and safer than ever. 

Our victory is assured! 

